Added v2 reference architecture details (#7397)
mattermost/docs: source/scale/scaling-for-enterprise.rst

At a high level, each deployment size was fixed (Mattermost server node count/sizing, database reader/writer count/sizing), and unbounded tests were used to report the maximum numbers of concurrent users the deployment can support. Each test included populated PostgreSQL v14 databases and a post table history of 100 million posts, ~3000 users, 20 teams, and ~720000 channels to provide a test simulation of a production Mattermost deployment. 

> Tests were defined by configuration of the actions executed by each simulated user (and the frequency of these actions) where the coordinator metrics define a health system under load. Tests were performed using the Mattermost v8.1 extended support release (ESR). Elasticsearch and job servers weren't used. All tests had an NGINX proxy running in front of them.

Reviewer: Why did we remove this? It is still true (as in we have one test with a single app node that doesn't have any proxy in front of it)

Author: ^ @nab-77 - This wasn't removed intentionally. Perhaps you have more context?

Author: confirmed to keep in

At a high level, each deployment size was fixed (Mattermost server node count/sizing, database reader/writer count/sizing), and unbounded tests were used to report the maximum numbers of concurrent users the deployment can support. Each test included populated PostgreSQL v14 databases and a post table history of 100 million posts, ~3000 users, 20 teams, and ~720000 channels to provide a test simulation of a production Mattermost deployment. 

> Tests were defined by configuration of the actions executed by each simulated user (and the frequency of these actions) where the coordinator metrics define a health system under load. Tests were performed using the Mattermost v8.1 extended support release (ESR). Elasticsearch and job servers weren't used. All tests had an NGINX proxy running in front of them.

Reviewer: I've reviewed this section and we need to:
- Update the MM version to v9.5
- Keep the "with more than a single app node" part
- Say that we don't use job servers, but we do use Elasticsearch

```suggestion
Tests were defined by configuration of the actions executed by each simulated user (and the frequency of these actions) where the coordinator metrics define a health system under load. Tests were performed using the Mattermost v9.5 extended support release (ESR). Job servers weren't used. All tests had an NGINX proxy running in front of them.
```
